e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\obj\Release\Models.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\Models.dll.config
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\Models.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\Models.pdb
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\MySql.Data.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\MySql.Web.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\System.Data.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\System.Data.Entity.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\System.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\System.Security.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\System.Xml.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\System.Xml.Linq.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\obj\Release\Models.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\obj\Release\Models.pdb
