e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\Models.dll.config
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\Models.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\Models.pdb
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\obj\Debug\Models.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\obj\Debug\Models.pdb
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Data.Entity.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Security.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\obj\Debug\Models.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\Models.dll.config
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\Models.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\Models.pdb
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Data.Entity.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Security.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\obj\Debug\Models.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\obj\Debug\Models.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\Models\obj\Debug\Models.pdb
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\Models.dll.config
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\Models.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\Models.pdb
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\System.Data.Entity.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\System.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\System.Security.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\KBLApp\Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\KBLApp\Models\obj\Debug\Models.dll
D:\KBLApp\Models\obj\Debug\Models.pdb
