e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\obj\Debug\BLL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\bin\Debug\LinqToEntities.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\bin\Debug\Models.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\bin\Debug\LinqToEntities.pdb
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\bin\Debug\Models.pdb
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\obj\Debug\BLL.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\com.crm.app.bll\obj\Debug\BLL.pdb
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\LinqToEntities.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\Models.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\LinqToEntities.pdb
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\Models.pdb
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\obj\Debug\BLL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\obj\Debug\BLL.dll
e:\users\danqing\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\obj\Debug\BLL.pdb
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\LinqToEntities.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\Models.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\LinqToEntities.pdb
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\Models.pdb
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\obj\Debug\BLL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\obj\Debug\BLL.dll
D:\Users\Danqing\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\com.crm.app\BLL\obj\Debug\BLL.pdb
D:\KBLApp\BLL\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
D:\KBLApp\BLL\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
D:\KBLApp\BLL\bin\Debug\LinqToEntities.dll
D:\KBLApp\BLL\bin\Debug\Models.dll
D:\KBLApp\BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\KBLApp\BLL\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
D:\KBLApp\BLL\bin\Debug\LinqToEntities.pdb
D:\KBLApp\BLL\bin\Debug\Models.pdb
D:\KBLApp\BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\KBLApp\BLL\obj\Debug\BLL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\KBLApp\BLL\obj\Debug\BLL.dll
D:\KBLApp\BLL\obj\Debug\BLL.pdb
